hello youtube I hope you are very
well in this video I will teach you how to
hit goals with your finger
this application is called faith soccer and
it's a pretty entertaining game the
theme of the game is very simple to put
the ball in the goal and the application
It has 5 different modalities of
game the first game mode is
call quick chat you have to put the
more goals in 60 seconds and
every time apart from putting a goal
you hit the target shooting they 'll give you
extra time and points
the second modality is called endurance
we no longer have a certain time but
now we have only three
opportunities to fail if we score goals
but we do not touch the target shot counts
as a failure from time to time they will appear
symbols that will give you double points
or extra opportunities
the third modality is my favorite one
call challenge here you have to
complete each of the challenges and in
based on the number of points you achieve
you will earn a medal of
bronze silver or gold
This is undoubtedly the most
difficult of the game the fourth modality is
rose bar here also accounts with time
and all that needs to be done in it is
hit the crossbar between more times
consecutive you give more points you will have and
the same as in other modalities in
some occasions will appear symbols of
double points and extra time
the last modality is called snatch and
here you go against the clock between faster
destroy the glass better
the more advances more pieces of glass
You will have to break as you will have already
realized the glass that you break in
reality is an advertisement for other games
of the company this idea seems very
creative and I even liked it a lot
better than having annoying banners of
other games all the time
flix or that is a game that first
printing does not sound very exciting
but give it a chance to prove
to the simple the entertaining thing that is
play it information about the price
of the game is in the description at
just like facebook and twitter if you
liked the review do not forget to like it and
subscribe to the channel this was the brightness
of flick soccer see you in the next
sticky tech video